{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;}
{\info
{\author John Pederson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12160\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 So I watched this\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ted.com/talks/clay_shirky_how_the_internet_will_one_day_transform_government.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Clay Shirky video}}\'a0last week. He's talking about transforming government, blah blah blah, and I'm thinking, "What does (?) this mean for education?" It's one of those 60,000 ft. sort of thinking things, but he caught my attention with something in particular. \'a0Github.\
\
I'd heard of it, I've downloaded from it. I understand enough about version control systems to know a little of what he was talking about. As Shirky began thinking aloud about the idea of doing legislation on Github, I saw an interesting parallel with education.\
\
What if Github were used to collaborate on a lesson? \'a0A unit? \'a0A course? \'a0A textbook? \'a0A math curriculum? \'a0A set of standards? \'a0A newsletter? \'a0Ok. \'a0Scratch that last one.\
\
Apologies in advance\'85but think the opposite of a MOOC. \'a0What if instead of 1 teacher designing an online course for 500 students, 500 teachers were designing an online course for 1 student?\
\
We know the former can happen, but what would it take to do the later? \'a0That's where I (and Clay Shirky, and Linus Torvalds) see possibility in Github.\
\
I bounced this idea off a few of you and got a bit of feedback. \'a0Just as quickly as the idea floats around, suddenly I've started seeing examples. \'a0Finnish teachers\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://edudemic.com/2012/09/finnish-teachers-writing-entire-math-textbook-3-days/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 put together a math textbook over a weekend}}\'a0using Github. \'a0Professors are designing syllabuses in Github for their students. \'a0Admittedly, it's not all "instant success", but I can't help but think it's the start of something.\
\
Here's my ask.\
\
1. \'a0Watch that Shirky\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ted.com/talks/clay_shirky_how_the_internet_will_one_day_transform_government.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 video}}\'a0for context.\
2. \'a0Register a free Github account. \'a0Follow their directions, etc.\
3. \'a0Friend me. \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://github.com/ijohnpederson"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://github.com/ijohnpederson}}.\
4. \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ijohnpederson/Shifted-Learning"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/ijohnpederson/Shifted-Learning}}\'a0is a basic example. Edit and/or upload a file. \'a0What kind? \'a0Who cares. \'a0Get the feel for it.\
\
I'm excited about this about as much as I was 6 years ago with Twitter\'85which means\'85I really have no clue what it all means. \'a0It's tickling something inside me (#TWSS) that I can't get out of my mind.\
\
I have a long running theory that everything we are experiencing right now in terms of being "connected learners" (Nusbaum-Beech, 2012) is really only the tip of the iceberg. \'a0We are 4th graders out on the playground. \'a0It's a beautiful time of figuring everything out. \'a0I'm itching to move on and turn this into something bigger. \'a0Do epic shit. \'a0I've watched you all do epic things as individuals. \'a0Sometimes a few of us team up and produce something cool. \'a0I've watched somebody start a Google Doc that ended up winning another jackass a Mercedes-Benz. \'a0We've all started or been a part of something that we weren't quite sure how or why it happened. \'a0This may be that. \'a0Or not.\
\
Thank you for subscribing to my newsletter.}